This error message is pointing to a failed attempt to check the Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy (COOP), which is a browser security feature used to isolate browsing contexts and prevent cross-origin data leaks. The HTTP error! status: 500 means the server responded with an internal error when trying to perform that check.
Here’s how to troubleshoot and resolve it:

🛠 What’s Likely Happening
- The Coinbase Wallet SDK is trying to verify COOP headers from your server.
- Your server (or a route it depends on) is returning a 500 Internal Server Error, which means something went wrong on the backend.
- This could be due to:
- A misconfigured middleware
- A missing or malformed response header
- A failed API call or logic error in your server-side code

✅ Steps to Fix It
1. Check Your Server Logs
Look for the actual error behind the 500 status. It could be a missing environment variable, a failed database connection, or a crash in a route handler.
2. Verify COOP Headers
Make sure your server is sending the correct headers. You can add them manually in your Next.js middleware or API routes:
res.setHeader('Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy', 'same-origin');
res.setHeader('Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy', 'require-corp');


These headers are especially important if you're using features like SharedArrayBuffer.
3. Update Dependencies
Sometimes SDKs like Coinbase Wallet rely on specific header behavior. Make sure your packages are up to date:
pnpm update


Also check for breaking changes in the Coinbase Wallet SDK changelog.
4. Isolate the Error
Try commenting out the Coinbase Wallet SDK integration temporarily. If the error disappears, the issue is likely with how the SDK is interacting with your app’s headers or server responses.

🧠 Pro Tip
If you're deploying to Vercel or another platform, make sure your serverless functions or edge middleware aren’t stripping or misapplying headers. You can inspect response headers using browser dev tools or tools like httpie or curl.
